SPEAKER: Hello, and welcome
to the Supercharged Q&A.
On the YouTube
videos that we do,
the most commonly occurring
question seems to be,
what code editor are you using?
And I thought, well,
I'll answer the question.
It's fair enough.
But before I do, I just
want to say, for me,
it's not a big deal.
I used to work-- in a
former life-- on servers.
And I'd get to one
of the servers,
and it would basically
have no editor whatsoever,
and I would just use
Notepad and fix the thing.
So, for me, I come from
a place where it's just
a way to mess around with code.
And I like it fairly minimal.
I like it to kind of be without
bells and whistles, I suppose.
So with that caveat
sort of said,
let's actually have a
look at what I'm using.
Now, in my case, I am
using Visual Studio Code,
which I recently switched to
and which I think is brilliant.
I love it.
Let me show you around a
couple of things that I think
are really good about it.
Let's say I've got this send
event function in my code.
If I say new custom event or
something like that, which
is part of the web
platform, it will tell me
what I should be
putting in there.
So it says-- there's
a string that
is the name or the type
of the event that it is.
So I can just do, I want
the name of the event.
That's going to do it.
And then I can use a
dictionary for all the stuff
that I need in there, like
bubbles, true, and stuff.
So, for me, the
fact that it's going
to start recommending
what I should actually
put into these as parameters,
for me, that's a huge deal.
I think that's
incredibly helpful.
It saves me having to go
off and do reference type
stuff all the time.
The other thing is
you see here I've
got the red line
under New, and that's
because I've actually got a
bunch of extensions installed,
one of which is ESLint.
In fact, let's just talk
about the extensions
I have installed.
I have editor config,
which is a very good way
of setting what the
project's settings are
that you want to use.
So in my case, this is the
Supercharged code that we do,
server and I. The editor
config is fairly lightweight.
We indent with
spaces, two spaces.
There's a little fight
that we can all have,
tabs versus spaces.
Whichever works for you.
The character set, trim,
trailing whitespace,
and insert final new lines.
So, basically, this is,
like, project-wide settings
that I want to use.
So that's a really
handy little extension.
ESLint is the other one, and
that's why that code is red,
because I basically do not
use New for side effects while
I'm-- just because I'm
not assigned to anything.
So event equals that.
And then I can just-- now it's
saying, you didn't use event,
so there we go.
So I'll just send that.
There you go.
And there's my function
actually finished.
That's really nice, and now
I know there are no errors.
And so for me, the
linting-- built in linting--
and, again, you can get that
with virtually any editor,
so that's cool.
And then, last, I'll mention the
document list, which, for me,
is also a nice little thing.
If I just do that,
then it starts
to fill in the
[? JSdoc ?] for me there.
And it's saying param is that,
but I would say it's a string,
so that's fine.
Sends a custom event.
You see how grown up I'm being?
I'm documenting my code.
What's wrong with that?
Absolutely nothing.
So there you go.
That is as much as I
actually have in my editor.
I mean, there are loads of
other things, as we all know,
that you can add, but, for
me, that's the minimal thing.
I like the checking.
I like this sort
of code completion,
suggestions stuff that you get.
And so, I mean, I recommend
it, but I'd recommend
Atom, as well, and Sublime.
They're all very good.
So pick whichever
one works for you.
But thanks for the questions.
Hopefully, now that
puts that one to rest.
And I'll catch you--
probably with [INAUDIBLE],
because he'll be showing up
at some point-- next time.